Document anti-pattern regarding props (#2817)
yewstack/yew: website/docs/concepts/function-components/properties.mdx

    html! {<HelloWorld ..pre_made_props />}
}
```

## Anti Patterns

While almost any Rust type can be passed as properties, there are some anti-patterns that should be avoided.
These include, but are not limited to:

> 1. Using `String` type instead of `AttrValue`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using `String` type instead of `AttrValue`.
```

>    **Why is this bad?** `String` can be expensive to clone.

Reviewer: Formatting looks off in the preview, it swallows the line break.

>    Cloning is often needed when the prop value with hooks and such. `AttrValue` is either

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Cloning is often needed when the prop value is used with hooks and callbacks. `AttrValue` is either
```

>    a reference-counted string (`Rc<str>`) or a `&'static str`, thus very cheap to clone.

Reviewer: Would this be a good place to plug the whole of `[implicit-clone](https://crates.io/crates/implicit-clone)`?

Author: I added a note section with the link to that crate
